Mainly UI Updates (#43)
music-assistant/music-assistant.github.io: docs/music-providers/filesystem.md

- Use the following naming convention for local artwork (png should also work). Artist thumb: artist.jpg; Album thumb: folder.jpg or cover.jpg; Fan Art (used as background in banners): fanart.jpg. Artist thumb and Fanart should be in the folder with the artist name. Album thumbs should be in the folder with the album name or in the disc folders below that. More about artwork file types can be found here https://kodi.wiki/view/Artwork_types
- Embedded album thumbs will be extracted from audio files. However, you can improve performance and save disk space by providing a single local artwork file vs. embedding the same artwork in all files.

!!! tip "Local Artwork is Optimal" 

>     Using embedded images impacts performance as the same query is called mutiple times per album. This is very noticeable with large numbers of files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using embedded images on every track of the same album is suboptimal for both disk space and performance. Use a single folder.jpg in the album's folder instead.
```
